meanwhile in upstate New York night two
in federal prison for the president's
former lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen
who's serving a three-year sentence
along with some other notable inmates
including the guy who promoted the fire
festival and and also this city yeah
he's in there in the situation of Jersey
Shore's in there
this prison therein is said to be one of
the cushiest prisons in the country and
I'm curious about that I really I want
to learn more about what Michael codes
life is going to be like on the inside
so we contacted the warden and joining
us now live via satellite from the
Otisville Correctional Facility where
Michael Cohen is incarcerated a car
serated warden Burt Larsen hello mr.
Larson and thank you you caught me
during happy hour I wanna make you have
happy hour at the prison we sure as heck
do I always say just because it's prison
doesn't mean it should feel like jail
okay I'm not sure I agree with that but
wait to the inmates partake in happy
hour oh hell yes gotta loosen them up
for karaoke oh you should hear Mike when
he gets going
who is Mike who's Mike Mike the
situation sits alright yes from Jersey
Shore yes indeed whence it sings Mambo
number 5
you think we locked up Lou Bega he
sounds just like him you remember that
song yes I do very well yes thank you
Monica
oh yes she was in who is that this is
Monica our so Mellie a oh if ever she is
terrific you ever saw Molly hey don't
get your nips in a knot it's just toilet
wine oh all right
how is it too fruity all right you know
what this seems more like a toilet was
that from this sorry Jim here we still
on yes I'm just saying this seems more
like a cruise ship than a prison well
thank you all right you know I didn't
but what do you say warden to people who
think these criminals have it a little
too good in there that is poppycock you
can't even get a half decent bloomin
onion in this place oh we do anyway
between you and me we water down the
hooch okay but I don't think other
prisons even let the inmates drink hooch
they don't have that well maybe that's
why other prisons don't have 4 and a
half stars on Yelp I guess so not now
Tony I'm talking to Jimbo I'll braid
your hair after tennis oh you're
breaking hair there oh yeah I feel like
you guys might be forgetting these
people committed serious crimes and
they're supposed to be punished
not rewarded why don't you stop being
such a pissy polly and join the fun oh
come on get busted for little insider
trading you and I can get a couples
massage together no no no thank you what
well suit yourself mr. clean okay well
thank you so much but where's our claim
my song gotta run okay thank you so much
warden for joining oh look at that
it's a bunch of janitors
[Applause]
as the warden from the prison we were
able to get him on television with us
and that's something usually wardens
don't do interviews why is he on what's
going on over there if you like that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
Oh